OADP-2157: Updating IBM Power and IBM Z systems section (#73935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-ibm-power-test-support.adoc

[id="oadp-ibm-power-test-matrix_{context}"]
= OADP support for target backup locations using {ibm-power-title}

> {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and OpenShift API for Data Protection (OADP) 1.1.4 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and OADP 1.1.4 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-first} 1.1.4 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.1.4 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
* {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-first} 1.2.3 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
* {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-first} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
```

[id="oadp-ibm-power-test-matrix_{context}"]
= OADP support for target backup locations using {ibm-power-title}

> * {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-first} 1.1.4 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.1.4 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-first} 1.1.7 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.1.7 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
```

> * {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.12 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.11 and 4.12, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.12, 4.13. 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.2.3 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
```

> * {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.13 and later, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.

Author: ```suggestion
* {ibm-power-name} running with {product-title} 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 was tested successfully against an AWS S3 backup location target. Although the test involved only an AWS S3 target, Red Hat supports running {ibm-power-name} with {product-title} 4.13, 4.14, and 4.15, and {oadp-short} 1.3.1 against all non-AWS S3 backup location targets as well.
```
